TEAM
Shengqian Liu 904347248
Setiawan Makmur

Shengqian Liu is in charge of IP and ICMP whereas Setiawan focuses on ARP.

When we receive a raw ethernet frame, we first check what type of message it is. If it is an ARP packet,
we forward the packet to handle_arp() function, otherwise we forward it to handle_ip_packet().

The ARP function in the project is to allow routers and hosts to connect to one another through
broadcasting and uni-cast means. Hosts would initiate ARP requests to neighboring routers that may forward the
packet to the intended destinations through the channel FFFFFFFF These ARP requests are handled in a way that
the router's MAC address will be returned to the ARP request sender. After this initial set up is made,
the router will receive an IP packet from the host and the router will attempt to forward the packet
to the next hop using the interface on the routing table. The ARP request is made by the router for
the destination host MAC address using the said interface determined by the routing table. The MAC
address of the host will be received by the router. Finally, the router is able to forward the IP packet
to the destination, using that MAC address.

IP packets are put on hold when the router is awaiting ARP replies on the destination IP address.
Once an ARP reply is received, the program checks the pool for IP packets that are on hold, and if the IP
packets can now be sent with the learning of the new MAC address, the program will forward these
packets. 

The awaiting ARP requests are polled for 5 times. If they are polled more than 5 times, we will assume there
is not hosts that can reply to the ARP requests, and then we will send an ICMP host unreachable message.

The handle_ip function, on the other hand, first performs a check sum test. Once the test is passed, it
check if the destined IP address is the router itself. If it is, then we check the type of the IP packet,
if it is type other than ICMP, we drop the packet; otherwise, we process the ICMP message. If the ICMP type
if ECHO_REQUEST, we send an ICMP_ECHO_REPLY back.

If the ICMP packet is sent to others, we loop up the routing table and decrease TTL. If TTL is equal to 0,
we send an ICMP Time exceed message. Then if the routing entry is not found in the table, we will send an
ICMP network unreachable. Otherwise, we find the IP of next hop and look up in the ARP table. If we are able 
to find an ARP entry, we will use it as DEST MAC address, and use outgoing interface MAC as src MAC address 
and send the IP packet. If we cannot find an ARP entry, we will store the packet and send an ARP request 
and the process goes to ARP function if we have an reply.
